2-way associations update (#569)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/products-super-power/product-associations.md

  ![Add association](../img/Products_ProductsAddAssociation.png)

> 1.  The picker to select product or product models opens

Reviewer: Le rendu visuel de la liste numérotée n'est pas bon : chaque numéro est sur la ligne au dessus de la phrase qui va avec

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38652052/80516995-a549ff80-8984-11ea-9e50-e3a602714b85.png)

Author: J'ai un souci : quand j'ajoute un encart de type info, la liste reprend à partir de 1 ensuite au lieu de conttinuer. Et si je décale avec plusieurs tabulations mon encart info, la liste continue bien, mais la mise en page se décale...

Author: Solution = numéroter 1 par 1...

  ![Add association](../img/Products_ProductsPickerAssociation.png)

    :::info

>     Note that on the product picker, users can display all products from the catalog, including products they have no permission to edit. Users might as well associate products with the 2-way association when they have no permission to do so. Please see [2-way association](manage-your-association-types.html#create-a-2-way-association-type) for more information.

Reviewer: "Please see the [2-way association)(manage-your-association-types.html#create-a-2-way-association-type) article" ?

Author: ? Ca fonctionne bien !

>     Note that on the product picker, users can display all products from the catalog, including products they have no permission to edit. Users might as well associate products with the 2-way association when they have no permission to do so. Please see [2-way association](manage-your-association-types.html#create-a-2-way-association-type) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Note that in the product picker, users can display all the products from the catalog, including products they have no permission to edit. Users might as well associate products using the 2-way association even though they have no permission to do so. Please see our [2-way association] documentation(manage-your-association-types.html#create-a-2-way-association-type) for more information.
```

Author: Done!

> 1.  Click on the `Save` button

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Click on `Save`
```

Author: Done
